hit my line if you ever find yourself in Seattle

one must imagine Sisyphus employed

US of A baby lets gooooo 

The only correct answer is here

This is what the bread in my oven sees

❌ early bird
❌ night owl
✅ silly goose

According to recent reports cats have been hiding in "boxes".

> good work _

What's a chapbook?

who up Pasting their Images

read this as 'yearning resources'

We are amateur grade!

The armor doesn't match but it has better stats

5 year plan? Leave tech, retire to hobbiton.

benQ genie 🧞

can't spell "whole grain" without "AI"

can't spell "pain au chocolat" without "AI"

I need this hat expeditiously

go mariners!

button

Dune 🏜️

if you're looking for something super simple, check me out

This was Good Fun

as a kid I was a corduroy hater... now I like it a lot

Times New Roman in the Streets, Wingdings in the Sheets

what compelled u to do such a thing??

"disheveled" implies the existence of "heveled"

fresh out of the pool feeling like a new man…

poor overhead lighting dims the soul

learning about bits and bytes

you kill pints of beer, I kill pints of ice cream. we are not the same

the cat goes where it pleases

Thinking meditative thoughts…

huuuuge footers are SO in. 

Go get em, tiger!

shooters shoot!

Now that's a high risk high reward maneuver.

Fish Flask Fish Flask!

thinking about how many times I've been a stranger in someone's picture

WE GOT A CALCULATOR FOR IPAD BEFORE GTA 6

what's MLP? Major League Posting?

Teenage engineering side table

Listening to kodokunohatsumei

idle plot, vague anxiety

your did it!!1!!!

thanks, internet uncle

Figma? More like migma

passionfruit cake!

five o'clock chimes

the question is, what don't we?

ping me if it's important!

At the end of the day, it's all relative.

As seen on TV!

May contain nuts!

Currently singleplayer.

My last name is short for Free and Open Source Software.

Now in 3D!

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious

Don't look directly at the bugs!

Is this something?

To all of those wondering: yes. 

There's <<a cat on ,my keyborafdsdfs

To all of those wondering: no.

What's going on? 

Now *this* is my favorite album of all time.

Just bought a 50 dollar chair. 

And then, he pulled me over!

Tender Monday

Just watched a dog initiate a handshake. 

What's going up in Pleasanton?

Popsicle sticks and glue!

That Russian dog was in space!

The euro *is* a denser currency.

The large print giveth and the fine print taketh away.

hey guys is this shirt green or grey? 

It’s important that basic assumptions are addressed in this pricing model.

Tip: switching to your secondary is always faster than reloading. 

Fly into Frankfurt not Munich– Munich WILL lose your luggage. 

When ordering Pakistani food don’t get vegetarian- when ordering Indian get vegetarian.

I am am humble man and have much to be humble about.

On your mark… get set…

Someone Ask Me How I've Been!!

Got caught in Amsterdam joyriding a bicycle yessir

If you're reading this, have a great day :-)



